docs(samples): add retail search service samples (#133)
googleapis/python-retail: samples/interactive-tutorials/README.md

# Google Retail Search: Python code samples
## Get started
### Select your project and enable the Retail API

Google Cloud organizes resources into projects. This lets you
collect all the related resources for a single application in one place.

If you don't have a Google Cloud project yet or you're not the owner of an existing one, you can
[create a new project](https://console.cloud.google.com/projectcreate).

After the project is created, set your PROJECT_ID to a ```project``` variable.
1. Run the following command in Terminal:
    ```bash
    gcloud config set project <YOUR_PROJECT_ID>
    ```

1. Check that the Retail API is enabled for your Project in the [Admin Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/ai/retail/).

### Set up authentication

To run a code sample from the Cloud Shell, you need to authenticate. To do this, use the Application Default Credentials.

1. Set your user credentials to authenticate your requests to the Retail API

    ```bash
    gcloud auth application-default login
    ```

> 1. Type `Y` and press **Enter**. Click the link in Terminal. A browser window should appear asking you to log in using your Gmail account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type `Y` and press **Enter**. Click the link in Terminal. A browser window should appear asking you to log in using your Google account.
```

1. Run the code sample and check the Retail API in action.

**Note**: Click the copy button on the side of the code box to paste the command in the Cloud Shell terminal and run it.

### Set the GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT_NUMBER environment variable

Because you are going to run the code samples in your own Google Cloud project, you should specify the **project_number** as an environment variable. It will be used in every request to the Retail API.

1. You can find the ```project_number``` in the Project Info card displayed on **Home/Dashboard**.

1. Set the environment variable with the following command:
    ```bash
    export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT_NUMBER=<YOUR_PROJECT_NUMBER>
    ```

### Install Google Cloud Retail libraries

To run Python code samples for the Retail API tutorial, you need to set up your virtual environment.

1. Run the following commands in a Terminal to create an isolated Python environment:
    ```bash
    pip install virtualenv
    virtualenv myenv
    source myenv/bin/activate
    ```
1. Next, install Google packages:
    ```bash
    pip install google
    pip install google-cloud-retail
    pip install google.cloud.storage

>     pip install google.cloud.bigquery

Author: as this README is in the interactive-tutorials directory and here will be added search, product and user_events code samples, so this packages will be used to run import code samples

    ```

## Clone the Retail code samples

> This step is required if this is the first Retail API Tutorial you run.
> Otherwise, you can skip it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You can skip this step if you've already completed it in another Retail API tutorial.
```

Clone the Git repository with all the code samples to learn the Retail features and check them in action.

<!-- TODO(ianan): change the repository link -->
1. Run the following command in the Terminal:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/t-karasova/grs-samples-python.git
    ```

    The code samples for each of the Retail services are stored in different directories.

1. Go to the ```grs-samples-python``` directory. It's our starting point to run more commands.
    ```bash
    cd grs-samples-python
    ```

## Import catalog data

This step is required if this is the first Retail API Tutorial you run.
Otherwise, you can skip it.

> ### Upload catalog data to Cloud Storage

Reviewer: Could we update this section to use `products.json` in [samples/snippets/resources/products.json](https://github.com/googleapis/python-retail/blob/main/samples/snippets/resources/products.json)?
